MAJOR PROJECT - TEAM : 4

E-TRADING SYSTEM

* Console Application using CSharp
* Template :
  - Client Application: ASP.Net Web Application - MVC
  - Services : ASP.Net Web Application - Web API
 The MVC Client Application must consume the services from the WebAPI project.
 
* Framework : Entity Framework(EF) DataBase First Approach
* Backend using SQL (SQL Server Management Studio)


ABSTRACT :

E-Trading System (ETS) is a Web-based Application which enables both the customers and vendors to Login or Sign-up to the application, view the showcased products and purchase them.
The Admin controls the entire application.



EXECUTION FLOW :-

The Application when executed must open to Home Page.
Further must have 3 options to choose from : Admin, Customer, Vendor 

1. If ADMIN is Chosen :
   1. Redirects to Admin Page.
   2. Admin is responsible for managing all Customers and Vendors.
   3. Only Admin can add Vendors to the system after accepting the vendor's request to register.
   4. The Admin can manage the categories of the hosted products by the Vendors.
   5. Admin can also Add or Delete the users.

2. If VENDOR is Chosen :
   1. Register window for New Vendors.
      Login window for already existing Vendors.
   2. Redirects to Vendors Page once the login is successful.
   3. Each individual Vendor has there own set of products to sell.
   4. Must display the list of products for that particular vendor logged in.
   5. Vendor should be able to Add or Delete his hosted products.
   6. Vendor must have a Profile with his details and he should be able to View and Edit/Update his/her Profile.
   7. Vendor can see the Customers list who are interested to buy his products.
   8. Can Update the Prices of his products.

-- The Price Alerts must be notified to the interested customer who has added that product in to his/her cart.

3. If CUSTOMER is Chosen :
   1. Register window for a New Customer.
      Login window for existing customers.
   2. Redirects to Customers Page once the login is successful.
   3. Each Customer has an Account Credit Balance, which, a certain amount must be given while registering.
   4. Must be able to View his/her Profile which contains all the customers details including his/her order history, Account balance etc.
   5. Should be able to Edit his Profile.
   6. A Search Bar, where the customer can search for products from various vendors and view them with all their details.
   7. A Customer should be able to Add the products to his cart and Buy them.
   8. Price alerts(if updated by the vendor) must be notified to the customer for his cart added products.

 -- The Account Balance must keep updating as and when a customer buys any product.


Project Flow :

- Create Relevant DataBase with relevant tables and procedures for the above given scenario in the SQL Server Management Studio(SSMS)
- In Visual Studio 2019, create an Console Application as :

1. First Create an ASP.Net Web Application with MVC Template for the Client Application.
2. Add Another project into this MVC Client Application project as ASP.Net Web Application - Web API Template for Services where all the backend APIs are written and from where the MVC Application will consume this WebAPI Services.
3. Use Entity Framework DB first approach to import the all the Tables, Procedures, Views as Models to the project.
4. Create Relevant Models and Write relevant Controllers, Action Methods and their respective Views (without Scaffolding or taking in built Template) for the above application.
5. Implement Exceptional Handling as and where required using Try-Catch and giving relevant Error messages.
6. Identity Providers - Authorization/Authentication for each login activity must be taken care of.(Admin, Vendor, Customer)
7. Use relevant Scripts for the UI along with needed images, logos, product images.
8. Test any 2-3 Unit Testing using Microsoft Test Framework for the project.

